Hello everyone!
In this session, I’m going to show you how to configure Git with your username and email ID.
These settings are very important because Git uses them to record who makes changes in a project.
Without this information, your commits will not have proper ownership.
	Open your git bash.
	Now, let’s configure the username. 
Type the following command - git config --global user.name "Your Name"
	Next, we need to configure the email address.
Type the following command - git config --global user.email your-email@example.com
	To make sure Git saved your details, run: git config --list
You’ll see your username and email listed in the output.
	By default, we used the --global option.
This means your username and email are applied to all repositories on your system.
If you want different credentials for a specific project only, you can remove --global and run the same commands inside that project folder.

So in this video, we learned how to 
1.	Configured global username and email.
2.	Verified the settings.
3.	Learned the difference between global and local configurations.

By default, Git always verifies the SSL certificate of the remote server whenever we perform operations like clone, fetch, or push.

This verification is important because it ensures we’re connecting to a trusted and secure server.
However, in some environments — for example in the training and learning environment — we may not always have a valid SSL certificate.

In such cases, Git may throw errors related to SSL verification, and this can prevent us from cloning or pushing code.

Instead of typing this option every time: git -c http.sslVerify=false clone <repo-url>

We can configure it once, so Git remembers it. git config --global http.sslVerify false
This tells Git to skip SSL certificate verification for all repositories on the system for the current user.
To confirm the change, run: git config --list --show-origin

Keep in mind, disabling SSL verification is not recommended in production or on public networks.

Skipping certificate checks can expose us to security risks such as man-in-the-middle attacks.

But in a learning environment or training setup, where the network is controlled, this method is acceptable as a quick workaround.
